this is a handy way to keep your
boundaries located is I take a light
colored marker this is just a pencil a
colored pencil and in approximately the
same color I'm going to be routing I'm
going wrong little hair lines so that as
I go you're not doing a solid line I
notice just kind of continue to work in
a tight spiral and it will be an
ever-widening spiral as you go around so
we will just have to work like catching
those hairs and just from dragging the
needle across the strength that large
strands you have Wow and it will grab
have you ever broken a needle I've
broken needles before and one of the
tricks to keeping that from happening
one important trick is not to allow the
needle to flex you want to keep a
straight motion
they'll better go don't bend okay okay
the other trick is to make yourself a
rice sock because what you really want
is the effect of it having never been
cut right a very layered kind of a look
yes now I'm going to show you something
here I'm very fast yeah no wonder it
doesn't take it look how fast you're
going don't poke yourself with some
experience you can actually work sort of
in a straight line down through the head
or through the strand of hair and then
pull away after you've done quite a few
Manuel I didn't understand what doesn't
take you too long it does and with
experience you learn to do and get
quicker and quicker I could see that
definitely I want to reiterate too that
the trick to this you see that I'm
really just getting one or two years at
a time the trick to this is in fact the
needle okay we'll keep brushing and as
you can see now I found a little spot
that I want to go back in and fill
mm-hmm okay so
get my needle back go back and selling
them now why you do that if I may ask
you one of the most important things you
would recommend they're important to
remember when routines I mean is it's
the quality of the hair obviously you've
showed us the direction the hair needs
to go in about grabbing one or two hairs
at the very most refined baby hair is
there anything else that you would
recommend that's very important
well another thing